fixing broken links (#2726)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/build-custom-ui-mobile/configure-packages/index.md

---
Next, you need to add Okta to your application by installing and configuring our SDK.

> You should already have added and configured packages when you walked through the [Sign users in to your mobile app](/docs/guides/sign-into-mobile-app/android/main/) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should already have added and configured packages when you walked through the [Sign users in to your mobile app](/docs/guides/sign-into-mobile-app/-/main/#add-and-configure-packages) guide.
```

This breaks the left-nav and breadcrumbs, but at least it's jumping to the right section with the selected language preserved.
